A high fever caused by a cold
Bring water to reduce the fever tomorrow.
Parents, find me a significant other hospital
I'll go.
It's all my fault
If I hadn't told my brother yesterday
If you are sick, you can keep your mother.
Brother, I am also sick, Xiao Han.
What do you mean?
Yesterday I told my brother that if I was sick
Mom won't leave
But today my brother is sick
I didn't mean to
Don't Blame Yourself
It was my idea.
Sorry.
I didn't mean to worry you.
Silly boy
Don't hurt your friends in the future, you know?
know
Don't worry, mom won't leave you.
I will always be with you.
All separate
And parents are also reluctant to report
Okay, have a rest.
miss
Drink some water
Thank you. Why are you being polite to me?